---
title: Welcome!
date: 2025-04-14 08:00:00 +/-0600
categories: [Blog]
tags: [blog]
pin: true
description: If its your first time here, check this post out. If not, do it again!
---

Hey all! Welcome to my site. First off, lets get the credits out of the way.

## Credit Where Credit's Due
Blog Theme: [Chirpy](https://github.com/cotes2020/jekyll-theme-chirpy) for [Jekyll](https://jekyllrb.com/).
- why Chirpy?
  - simple and clean
  - Open-Source (MIT License)
  - relatively painless to set up
  - way better organized than [this](https://web.archive.org/web/20250309042128/https://slavetomints.github.io/)
  - free
- why Jekyll?
  - easy to use
  - right here on GitHub
  - free
  - Open-Source (MIT License)

Comments: [Giscus](https://giscus.app/)
- why Giscus?
  - free
  - extremely easy to set up
  - did I mention free?
  - integrates right with Chirpy
  - Open-Source (MIT License)
  - free *(I'm a broke college student please)*

> Commenting requires a GitHub account for authentication purposes, as well as that's just the way Giscus works.
{: .prompt-warning }


## What to Expect

Alright, so what can you expect to see here? Well, it's going to depend.

The large majority of posts here will be writeups for any and all challenges I complete while participating in an active CTF (published when allowed to of course), and any offline CTFs, like [picoCTF](https://www.picoctf.org/) and [OverTheWire's](https://overthewire.org/) bandit games.

Now this does mean that there are plenty of posts that are only a minute or two to read, and that's part of the purpose of this. It makes it so that people of all skill levels can enjoy this blog the same amount. This also will serve as a memoir of the path I've traversed to get to where I currently am, and that I can look back and be proud of where I came from. 

To be honest, Technoblade summarized this mentality best:

> "I think Skyblock at its core is the ultimate challenge in resource management. You spawn on a tiny island in an empty universe. All you have is a tree, some supplies and some dirt to stand on. You have to treasure EVERY dirt block, because if one falls into the void, there's no way to replace it and as you carefully navigate your absurd circumstance, you gain a new appreciation for the few things you have as you meticulously use them to their fullest effect. With nothing but some ice, lava and saplings you slowly transform this empty expanse into a world of your very own. Skyblock teaches us that no matter how ridiculous the odds may seem, within us resides the power to overcome these challenges and achieve something beautiful. That one day, we'll look back at where we started and be amazed by how far we've come."
>
> &#45; Technoblade (1999-2022)

The next part of this blog will be dedicated to me writing guides on tools that I use in my cybersecurity training. So expect to see those show up from time to time.

Thee last part of this blog will be yes... the actual blogging. Whether I'm working on a new project that I'lll never finish or building up my homelab, you can expect to see those posts all under the `blogging` tag.

## Contact Me
You can catch me via email and discord (both are linked in the [about me](https://slavetomints.github.io/about) page) if you have any comments, questions, concerns, threats, bribes, manifestos, declarations of independence, poltergeist sightings, time travel conundrums, UFO reports, unresolved childhood traumas, spontaneous poetry, pop culture references, existential crises, unsolicited fashion advice, attempts to decode my personality, forgotten passwords,
rumors, plot holes, hidden treasure maps, confessions of love, burning desires for world domination, top-secret government files,
suspiciously vague prophecies, cryptocurrency investment tips,
confessions of impromptu dance moves, embarrassing childhood stories,
pet conspiracy theories, secret handshakes, plans for a rock band, detailed critiques of my haircut, complaints about the air conditioning, existential questions about socks, requests to speak with my manager, cryptic dreams you'd like analyzed, opinions on the best taco fillings, or an undying desire to say "i use arch btw"

## Site Issues
Check out [this post](https://slavetomints.github.io/posts/issues-with-the-site) for help clearing those out